Added the user guide (#23)
exasol/python-extension-common: doc/user_guide/user-guide.md

# Python Extension Common User Guide

## Language Container Deployer

> An extension would typically use UDF scripts to enable certain custom functionality within a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An extension would typically use [UDF scripts](https://docs.exasol.com/db/latest/database_concepts/udf_scripts.htm) to enable certain custom functionality within a database.
```

> In most cases, UDF scripts must be backed by a Language Container, that should be installed in the Exasol Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, UDF scripts must be backed by a [Script Language Container (SLC)](https://github.com/exasol/script-languages-release/), that must be installed in the Exasol Database.
```

> A Script Language Container is a mechanism that allows the installation of the chosen programming language and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SLCs allow the installation of the chosen programming language and
```

Author: An SLC allows ...

Reviewer: Yes, often singular is the better choice. Feel free to use your favorite phrasing.

necessary dependencies in the Exasol Database.

The language container for a particular Extension gets downloaded and installed by executing a deployment script
similar to the one below.

  ```buildoutcfg

>   python -m an_exasol_extension.deploy language-container <options>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  python -m <exasol_extension>.deploy language-container <options>
```

  ```

> The name of the script (```an_exasol_extension.deploy``` in the above command) can vary from one extension to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the script (```<exasol_extension>.deploy``` in the above command) can vary from one extension to another.
```
